wip alex pls fix, add a video to memory scan tut if you want

the recorder uses 4 values to work - the pointer to the mouse, the rmb pressed, the lmb pressed, and the position of the audio. each of these can be found using the same method in different places. the method to do this easily is to do an initial scan for unknown variable, then use increased/decreased value depending on what you do in the game. addresses in address.txt and address2.txt are in format 0xFFFFFF - 32bit hexadecimal

rmb/lmb - make a replay (make a map with 30sec or whatever of play) where you just click, hold for a bit, and release. when the button is not pressed, it is a 0 and when it is pressed it is 1. so searching when unpressed will get 0, so holding the button you scan for increased, then after release you scan decreased. repeat this a few times untill you see some values that match up to the pressing/releasing of each button (you dont want the value that relates to EITHER button being pressed). the memory addresses of these go in address.txt on 3rd/4th line, and are constant so dont need to be changed.
audio offset - do the same thing as above, except do it while playing the map yourself. pause the song and search for unknown, tehn play for a few sec and search for increased. repeat this a few times, then quit out and play again and search for decreased. should give you a value that increased quickly (not in miliseconds) as you're playing and relates to the music position. so go to main menu and scroll the song with the scrol bar and it should go up/down relative to your changes. address for this is also constant so doesnt have to be changed, 1st line of address.txt. this is also the first and only thing needed in address2.txt
the last thing to find changes every run (there is a static version of it but lazy, easy to find). make a replay where you begin with your cursor at the top of the screen, then drag it slowly down to the bottom, and slowly back up to the top. moving down means you scan increased, and moving up means scan decreased. scan unknown at start of replay, then do inc/dec to find a value that corresponds to the Y position of the mouse (vertical) once you see this, dont change song or the address will change. click the value and move it to the bottom with the red arrow, then right click and "find what writes to this address". agree to attach debugger. should then see a command being executed "movsd", right click and show in disassembler. a few lines above, there will be a line such as mov edi,[03xxxxD0] - the value inside the square brackets is your pointer, should start with 03 and end with D0. this goes as the 2nd address in adress.txt
this value resets each time you run the game, but only takes 20sec to find so didnt bother finding a constant pointer to it.

with all these values in place, you need a folder "replays" inside the sam dir as the exes, and then it is almost all automated. keys Q W E and R change the playback speed, but display the change in console so you can figure it out. with recorder open, any time you enter a song it will automatically record the replay to replays folder. with playback open, it will automatically find a matching replay to use (if it doesnt exist it just does nothing). press P to stop the current playback

http://www.mediafire.com/?j7aoldcdhl53kqh link to a shitload of 1024x768 replays